call out that it works fine from mac (#130)
rust-disk-partition-management/gptman: README.md

A library that allows managing GUID partition tables.

> A CLI tool for Linux + Mac OS X that allows you to copy a partition from one disk to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CLI tool for \*nix that allows you to copy a partition from one disk to
```
